The one thing that we need to do before I start implementing our applications with AWOS resources we
have to install the both of three library for Python for doing that.
We're going to use the Python package manager our Peppe.
Let's just type in Pipp install and both three and both of three dependencies are being collected right
now by the Python package manager or pip.
And we have the both the core S3 France we're documentation you hotels and some various Python packages
dependent to both a three library so our package manager now is initializing the dependent packages
for Python for both three and they are already now simple as that.
We know how are both all three and every other thing on our machine to work with.
AWOS resources.